Adding details on the voltages to the pin outs to avoid any doubt (#428)
betaflight/betaflight.com: docs/development/manufacturer/connector-standard.md

### Analog Camera Pin Configuration

:::note

> It is no longer recommended to have and analoque OSD chip on the FC. The recommendation is to emulate the digital standard, and place the OSD chip on the VTX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is no longer recommended to have an analogue OSD chip on the FC. The recommendation is to emulate the digital standard, and place the OSD chip on the VTX.
```

Author: Corrected
